.TH "elegance-colors" 1 "12-07-2012" elegance-colors

.SH NAME
elegance-colors \- chameleon theme for gnome shell

.SH DESCRIPTION
Elegance Colors is a chameleon theme for Gnome Shell. It can change colors according to the current GTK theme, current wallpaper (uses imagemagick to get color) or a user defined color. Also various other aspects of the theme are customizable.

.SH CUSTOMIZATION
A process runs in background which detects changes, generates the theme and reloads the theme accordingly. After installation, you must run the following command to start the background process,

.B elegance-colors

To set the theme, run the following commands,

.B gsettings set org.gnome.shell.extensions.user-theme name 'elegance-colors'

You can launch the GUI from the menu which lets you customise various aspects of the the theme. You can also export your customized theme, import/export settings from the GMenu. Click on the title in the Gnome Shell top bar to get the GMenu.

.SH FILES

The configuration file is located under
.B ~/.config/elegance-colors/elegance-colors.ini

Temporary files are created under
.B /tmp/elegance-colors

.SH TROUBLESHOOTING
If you have installed the user-theme extension from the extensions.gnome.org website, you might need to run the following command before elegance-colors can work,

.B elegance-colors fix

It is recommended to stop any previous instances of elegance-colors when updating to a new version. You can kill running processes of elegance-colors with the command,

.B killall elegance-colors

To view any error messages produced, stop the background process first and then run the process in Terminal,

.B elegance-colors stop

.B elegance-colors start

To manually apply changes, run,

.B elegance-colors apply

To export the theme, run,

.B elegance-colors export /path/to/themefile.zip

.SH NOTES
The configuration file should not be edited by hand to avoid potential errors.

.SH CAVEATS
When applying the new configuration, the theme is reloaded, and Gnome Shell may freeze if you do things really fast when reloading the theme.

.SH SEE ALSO
https://github.com/satya164/elegance-colors

.SH AUTHOR
Satyajit Sahoo <satyajit.happy@gmail.com>
